Hi! This is Diana for Expert Village.com.
I am going to show you how to make a curly
bow for the package that we just wrapped.
So I am going to stretch out my ribbon pretty
far. We are going to use it all so use as
much as you need. We are going to start about
halfway through the ribbon, come down across
the top of the package, flip the package over,
criss cross the ribbon in the back and flip
the package back over. Now you can cut your
ribbon off leaving enough so that you can
tie the ribbon at the top; just a regular
knot. Now for the curly part at the top, I
need to take quite a bit more ribbon here
and I am going to cut it off in about two
or three foot lengths and they do not have
to be the same length; just approximate. Now
we put those all together and hold them about
in the middle, put that down on top of the
knot that you have already made, tie another
knot on top of that and I do a double just
to make sure it sticks and now we are going
to do the curling. So I get my scissors and
I open them because I am only going to use
one blade and we are going to zip this scissors
along the under side of the ribbon, so you
want to make sure you are using the size of
the ribbon that curls under, hold that tightly
against your thumb. This ribbon; it is between
my thumb and the blade of the scissors and
pull it fast. You can make a really full bow
if you put lots of extra strands on the top
that you are going to curl. You can also add
different colors to the ribbon and have a
multicolored curly bow on the top. You could
curl in really tight by holding the scissors
really tight against your thumb or you can
hold it lightly and make loose curls and here
is the curly ribbon on the top of the package.